The APE Foundation website is the DAO hub, providing an interface to educate DAO members
on the governance process and provide easy access to the channels below in order to
streamline the DAO’s operation and enhance its utility.

Discourse is the first stop for all proposals. An AIP (Ape Improvement Proposal) Idea is
submitted as a post in Discourse and must receive confirmation from a moderator that it
complies with DAO-approved guidelines before it appears to the community. ApeCoin holders

must go through a wallet authentication process to post ideas or give feedback to ideas
via comments. Snapshot is used for voting. Proposal drafts that have passed their
respective approval processes become

available for voting on Snapshot. ApeCoin holders must go through a wallet authentication
process to vote.

APECOIN IS FOR THE WEB3 ECONOMY.
Culture has found new expression in web3 through art, gaming, entertainment, and events.
The possibilities for blockchain’s impact on culture are so endless that they can’t

possibly all be predicted yet. APE is a token made to support what’s next, controlled and
built on by the community. It will serve as a decentralized protocol layer for
community-led initiatives that drive culture forward into the metaverse.

THE APE FOUNDATION
The APE Foundation is the steward of ApeCoin. It is not an overseer, but the base layer
on which ApeCoin holders in the ApeCoin DAO can build.

The Foundation facilitates decentralized and community-led governance and is designed to
become more decentralized over time. It is tasked with administering the decisions of the
ApeCoin DAO, and is responsible for day-to-day administration, bookkeeping, project

management, and other tasks that ensure the DAO community’s ideas have the support they
need to become a reality.

The goal of the APE Foundation is to steward the growth and development of the APE
ecosystem in a fair and inclusive way. It utilizes the Ecosystem Fund, which is
controlled by a multisig wallet, to pay its expenses as directed by the ApeCoin DAO and

provides an infrastructure for ApeCoin holders to collaborate through open and
permissionless governance processes.

THE DAO
ApeCoin DAO exists because decentralized governance is critical to building and managing
a globally dispersed community—and therefore critical to the success of the APE ecosystem.

The APE Improvement Proposal Process (see Governance) will allow ApeCoin DAO members to
make decisions regarding Ecosystem Fund allocations, governance rules, projects,
partnerships, and beyond. ApeCoin DAO membership is open to all ApeCoin holders.

THE BOARD
The Special Council of the APE Foundation provides, at the behest of the ApeCoin DAO
members, stewardship and oversight of the APE Foundation. The Special Council members
exist to serve the vision of ApeCoin DAO.

It does this by the following, though they are not limited to the items listed below:

Conducting detailed administrative reviews of AIPs according to the process outlined in
AIP-1
Ensuring the implementation of the ApeCoin DAO’s intentions and wishes as manifested
through approved AIPs

Safeguarding and stewarding the ApeCoin DAO treasury
Serving as primary community liaisons with the APE Foundation and its service providers
in Cayman Islands, facilitating open and effective communication channels

Overseeing the Ape Foundation administrators and other foundation service providers,
ensuring they execute their duties with efficiency and timeliness, aligned with the
ApeCoin DAO's objectives and values.